hello everyone and welcome to the very
first episode of stream chat a show that
I Travis cafard host where I talk to
streamers about their life how they got
into streaming what they think of it etc
my very first guest today is pokey how's
it going pokey hey how would you are you
what are you are you a legal legend
streamer you a fortnight's streamer are
you a variety streamer are you a
youtuber yeah at this point I guess I
just overall I consider myself a content
creator in terms of streaming I guess
I'd say variety cuz I kind of just do
whatever yeah oh yeah that's just I was
trying to figure out how to how to
introduce you but I figured you'd do a
better job of that than I would for
those that don't know me which is
probably the vast majority the people
that are watching this live and maybe
even on Vaude I've been interviewing
gaming people mostly in the League of
Legends space for the past seven years
but the whole point of this show is
nobody know he's talking to the
streamers or finding out their stories
or whatever what motivates them and I
think there's a lot of interesting
people here like pokey who I can talk to
and learn a little bit about and
hopefully you all enjoy it too so let's
let's get into it so first off you have
a cat we'll start with the cat could you
introduce because it looks like the cats
making appearance does I can't have a
name this is me me me me this loves
being all over my computer I figured I'd
give her some snuggles I got her like a
week or so ago yeah I was gonna say I
think new new addition to your life
she's been great it's really nice having
a pet very good well I do want to go all
the way back to to learn a little bit
about you know you growing up and and
how you know a lot of people know that
you are a Canadian but you weren't
actually born in Canada as what I've
learned recently so how did all that
happen I was born in Morocco and then my
parents moved to Canada when I was four
and then I grew up in Canada and about a
year and a half two years ago I moved to
California right do you have like a
sense of attachment to Morocco or any of
that life or was it just like so far
before the start of anything interesting
happened to you that that you know maybe
it's different
um I mean I have a sense of attachment
to my family in Morocco cuz we do visit
them pretty frequently
I'd say once every year or every other
year but in terms of like my time living
they're not really excels like for and I
don't really remember much yeah yeah
okay so then you move to Canada so what
was life growing up in Canada I mean
what what was your family like what was
sort of that whole experience of growing
up and going to school like for you ah
pretty nice I've always been someone
who's very much into school like it was
always just a very important thing for
my family and me my parents are both
teachers at some point or other so that
was just something that they always made
sure to drill it to us the importance of
education and I guess I was like more
like a cookie two-shoes I had an older
brother we like kind of fought and I was
younger but now we get along great man
yeah what's your oh go ahead sorry now
that I'm older like looking back on my
childhood I feel like it was pretty nice
and tame and chill and I was glad that I
grew up in Canada cuz I just feel like
things aren't as intense as they are in
say the US did you grow up in like big
city small city I mean what was a pretty
small city but it also wasn't so small
that I'm like in a village or something
so you know I was able to socialize well
enough but also you know not feel
overwhelmed by any means yeah
so what were you like a jock or gamer a
nerd or I mean you said you were very
interested in education
like what what were you like when you
were younger so um when I was super
little very much like goody two-shoes
and I think throughout all of elementary
school and high school like grades were
always really important to me but also
in high school like I was very much a
social butterfly I wanted to be friends
with everyone
student council dance club this a lot
especially for the first couple years of
high school but then as time went on I
a lot more into video games and everyone
my high school got a lot more into
parties and drugs okay yeah those are
divergent yeah so I I guess I kind of
distanced myself a bit from people in my
school when we were outside of school
but in school I was still happy and
friends with everyone got along well
with everyone yeah so yeah we're part of
any clicks I mean you say like you were
part of Dance Club and all that I mean
did you were you like the popular girl
school did you did you get prom queen I
mean how how did that all go down
I did get junior prom queen actually
we're not senior from grade 9 sent no
and things like valid valid pronouncing
that word but like I would be nominated
for things like that but when it came to
the last like two years of high school I
just didn't really feel an attachment to
the people that I went to school with
like I would be friends with them I'd be
more than happy to be friends with them
chat with them every day but I felt like
those relationships are very shallow and
so the friend groups that I was in like
I would just hang out with them every
now and then I didn't feel like I
particularly belonged anywhere which was
kind of rough because you know when
you're in high school having like
identity crisis left and right don't
know how you should be you're who you
are above blah but I'm glad I stuck with
what I liked and didn't so much try to
conform to what like those clicks did
enjoy to try to feel like I fit in more
with them do you have any young drama or
anything like that I mean it sounds like
a loving family and all that stuff but
you know like dramatic boyfriend's
situations when you're in high school or
or just anything that was just kind of
or was everything pretty much just
smooth sailing for you nothing like huge
especially not family wise my family was
like kind of strict with me when I was
young so it's just like you can't be out
late you can't do this can't do that
like even for my high school I mean for
my prom there's always like a prom
afterparty that everyone goes to my mom
was like no
I was like mama I only get one problem
in my life and she's just like no and
then she made me come back home after my
prom and no one else is home so I was
just outside waiting oh really
so you your after-party was sitting
outside the house all my friends not go
to the only chance I have to go to my
prom afterparty and you not even go be
here to open the door for me I mean you
did say you did say your high school
colleagues gotten into drugs and
partying so maybe they were just looking
at doesn't mean you know yes very good
now what so you you actually speak
French is was it sort of the language
that you grew up speaking was it is that
like what everybody into your school -
uh smoke yeah so in Morocco French is
the second most popular language and
it's very well known everywhere and also
the province that I grew up in Ontario
is a bilingual a bilingual province so
my mom taught in like a full French
school and that's also where I ended up
going for elementary school so growing
up I learned that first and then around
grade four I started learning English
more and then like as the years go on
you do more immersion so more of your
classes become English and so they're
all fully English classes yeah alright
so you mentioned you got into games at
some point time was it when what was
your first like video game experience oh
my god probably just like super young
like Game Boy SP
like a console game GameCube whatever it
is it's it's hard for me to remember
exactly what but I did play console
games with my brother quite a bit before
starting to play PC games probably
somewhere around 10 to 12 years old yeah
and then we would play just like a lot
of MMOs together runescape and this
online random flash are there any games
that really stand out to you from like
the beginning like I remember playing
lemmings on my grandfather's PC playing
Super Mario like are there any specific
games that you just think back to and
you're like oh my god I remember that
game so well even though I was so young
yeah pinball people know I just get
I did play pinball on my grandpa's PC
the Windows pinball this because his PC
was so old and had no internet but the
first game that I think I like super
duper fell in love with aside from
Pokemon like Pokemon Zelda and Mario
they just don't count like everybody
loves those games okay yeah but like my
specific game was probably one called
endless online which was this MMO that I
just got so hooked on specifically
because of like the community aspect it
was like that first game that you just
want to log on every day after school
and like hang out with your friends even
though you're like just hanging out
online like I knew none of those people
in person but I was just like so
addicted to having those online friends
and yeah yeah was League of Legends like
the first real hook for you like the
first one where you you really really
went and because I know that's kind of
what started your your content creation
career right I think I just kind of have
an addictive personality when it comes
to gaming ie why everyone says like quit
League now it's just when I get into a
game like I really get into a game so
endless I was hooked on for awhile
maplestory I was hooked on for a while
and then League I was hooked on for a
long while and now I'm kind of hooked on
for tonight well when did you start
playing league either like end of grade
9 or grade 10 it's like many many many
years ago yeah
sake 7 I'm Nydia so you you graduated
and you you went off to college to I
think you mentioned an interview with me
previously that you were studying
Chemical Engineering yeah alright so why
why Chemical Engineering alright so my
senior year I applied to like six
science programs because throughout all
of high school it was just so ingrained
in me like you're gonna go into a med
like a medical program then you're gonna
be a doctorate really good yeah like
I like math I like Sciences so I was
kind of going along with it sure
whatever I applied to like six or seven
science programs and then I was like I
should have some variety let me just
throw in an engineering program cuz my
brother went to Mack for engineering as
well and I knew that like no it's a good
degree so I applied to all those then by
the end of my senior year I actually did
research and found out that like 2% of
people actually get into med school it's
like 12 years of schooling yeah one like
engineering is such a good degree for
four years and you can have like a bomb
can I swear yes a bomb ass job like ass
is like the lightest wherever but I
appreciate it
yeah it was just like it just made more
sense to go into engineering yeah
especially considering the classes that
I liked and did well in okay I ended up
doing that and then my first year was
general and I kind of just chose the
skin sound so troll I chose chemical
because I liked product development I
like chemistry and there's a lot of
girls in the program engineering there
were like no girls every girl that I
made friends with just dropped out and I
was like I need more girls in my program
so I went into chemical but I think if I
stayed instead of like doing what I do
now or if I were to ever go back I would
switch to software engineering okay why
software engineering Chemical
Engineering was really not what I
expected I was like oh I'm gonna like
make products and make them better than
other products but it's literally just
like transformations from one chemical
tune up it's so boring
I'm just it's so boring raw software
engineering can at least relate more to
things that I'm passionate about like
games or websites or programs or
whatever it is what what was your first
decision around creating content and
what was that content was it just like
I'm just gonna stream did you make a
youtube video first like what was your
first thing and was it gaming you know
what was sort of that moment for you ah
well growing up
I mean I think every girl can relate
just like watching YouTube channels and
seeing beauty gurus you're like but I
never actually pulled through with it
and then in high school yeah senior year
my friends showed me to which Street
Bruges and it's sunny cuz these are like
my gamer friends I basically had friends
that I saw in school and then I had
friends that I hung out with every night
online afterwards that were in my city
but I only saw them once every like
three months we would just play games
every single night sure I guess for like
my more legit friends and we had a big
skype group and they would always impose
cute twitch girls
oh my god I love what she does I just
like fell in love with the whole website
what would you remember any what any of
those streamers or who those streamers
were yeah there was muffins
x3 I think that was her name there was
another girl called eskimo kisses and I
was just like oh my god they played
games and stuff I want to do it and I
really like the social aspect I think
just you know for a long time I've been
a very social person so I think
streaming fits with me very well yeah so
what what was the first you so you saw
this you knew you wanted to be a so what
was sort of that next moment like how
did you end up streaming and what was
your first stream like well not computer
sucked and my internet sucks so I have
to fix those two things first so it's
definitely a gradual process I didn't
just Yolo do it sure
and then I kind of just like told my
friends are like hey you should totally
do it like we'll watch we can all play
together
so I set everything up and then I linked
that my stream and I used to be on
tumblr a lot so I also posted my stream
on my like tumblr blog and then I like
hashtag big legends now it's like maybe
some people will check it out and people
actually did check it out and yeah
that's where it all started and this was
what like what year or how long ago was
this um this was senior year high school
of high school like four or five years
ago something like
so I I remember just sort of like
hearing your name starting to pop up and
I remember thinking like okay so it's
like a new grill streamer as they're
sometimes referred to and then all of a
sudden it felt like things really
started to take off for you how like
around what time do you feel like you
really started to see like the success
and you started to realize oh this is
actually gonna potentially be a thing
financially I would say halfway through
my second year of university it was when
I made a substantial amount of money in
a month both via donations but I always
knew that donations like they'd go up
and down every month so I couldn't trust
that but then I got like sponsors and
one sponsor money started rolling in I
was like huh thinking emoji yeah how
many people were watching you at this
time by the way probably around 1k okay
that was what I was averaging and I
remember I asked so many people I asked
every streamer friend I had and their
mother I was like should I go full-time
I don't know what to do so what was that
decision what was that decision to go
full-time like how did that happen I
think it was like I always like to be
logical about things and I mean I was
probably in like 20k school debt at that
point and I was like wait I'm making
like five k plus just like from sponsor
money and this and that like this even
if I take a year off and my career
doesn't elevate in any way at least I am
saving up money throughout this year
that I can use to pay off my student
loans
so that's how I justified it it was like
either this actually goes somewhere or
hey I'm working and I'll have less
student loans
afterwards and that's how I also
convinced my parents let me do it so
what yeah how did you what was that
first life like for you I mean were you
streaming out of the dorm full-time I
mean obviously you like left school so
was it just a summer and you decided to
not go back and you're staying at your
parents place well what was going on in
here
at that time so second year once I was
kind of convincing my parents I was like
maybe I should see like what I can like
do with this
I took a reduced course so it's like in
engineering a normal course load is like
five classes engineering classes they
make you take sakes just because they
want you to hate your life right and I
was like I'm not gonna do that for one
semester see how it goes I took like
three or four classes something like
that and then after that you know things
were slowly getting better and better as
I was like hey I'm gonna take a full
year off and then that's when I moved
back in with my parents
and um oh yeah that was the summer
around the same time I tried moving to
LA and I think that's when things really
popped off for me career-wise and then
after that I had to move back home alone
while my parents were gone and wait for
my visa for three months the most
depressing three-putts of my life yeah
you know process when I interviewed you
at the end of last year with Lily you
were talking a little bit about just how
streaming is hard and streaming is hard
when you're by yourself and it's it's
like it's strange in that it's very
social but it's also kind of not because
you're just sitting in front of a
computer for hours and hours on end
maybe you can you can explain a little
bit more about that sort of the
experience you had and before you were
able to move into the offline house so
for three months to get my visa I had to
come back home and my dad worked abroad
at the time and my mom went to stay with
them so I was basically in my parents
house but living alone and also in a
city were basically all of the friends
that I had in that city my hometown were
away from school so it's a very lonely
time for me I had little to no human
interaction I'll just wake up stream and
stream play more games sleep and that's
cool for like a week to the three or
four week mark one day you just wake up
and you're like holy shit I haven't had
human interaction in so long and it just
made me like very very sad I'm just like
crying I'm like I don't know anyone
where are my friends pepping hands it
got to the point where I was just like
excited to like go to the doctor's
office cuz I was like talking to people
and stuff I
I realized and this may be different for
different people
like I know Skaar can probably like go
weeks just streaming and not really
careful but me personally I didn't
realize how much I valued and needed
that human interaction until I went so
long without it so that's when I
realized that feels so much better to do
this kind of thing around people that
understand and also just live with
people in general yeah do you always
have this this much positivity because
in telling me the story you're like it
was super sad I was crying and then
you're like it was super sad and I was
crying and everything was great it's
just it's very remarkable right I mean
is this is this behind-the-scenes how
how you are is it do you feel like you
need to sort of be a little bit more
positive for the viewers and for the
people that are watching you I kind of
do my best to give off these positive
vibes both on and off stream because
I've noticed that if you just try to
fake something for the stream it never
really works and being a positive person
isn't a bad thing and if I practice that
all the time on or off stream it'll make
it that much easier to just be positive
in general when I am streaming which at
the end of the day like is my goal now I
want people to enjoy watching me and the
easiest way to be positive on stream or
just to be a positive person all the
time yeah I actually think streaming is
one of the things that pushes me to
better myself the most knowing that like
there's these people watching this
entire community that kind of relies on
me to be this like light in their day
sometimes when they're feeling bad it
just makes me know want to do good for
myself and be the best version of me
that I can be I cringe you that stuff no
but I mean is that is that ever a burden
to you right because it can definitely
inspire you but at the same time if
you're having a rough day you tweeted
yesterday that you I think you decided
to take the day off because you were
just feeling sick do does that does it
weigh on you ever where you know that
all these people are kind of expecting
you to be positive and to stream
frequently you know I have friends who
if they don't stream people come back in
early stream
and they they'll come back and say
everybody will just be spamming like Oh
annual stream annual stream or you know
like is it is it tough for you to deal
with basically what seems to be a lot of
pressure from from an audience to be
positive and to always be creating
content and always be on it kind of it's
also just like I hate feeling like I'm
being lazy myself and I guess that
probably goes with that subconscious
pressure that people are waiting for me
or wanting me to stream or whatever it
is but I've come to accept that at the
end of the day I'm only human and I very
much like the best content that I make
is when I'm happy making that content
yeah so if I forced myself to do things
but I'm not feeling it chances are it's
not gonna be a good stream it's not
gonna be a good video so I'm gonna be a
good whatever I want it to be yeah so I
along those lines I mean it I think
maybe this kind of goes in or what
you're saying kind of goes into this I I
talked to double f two streams during
the offseason and when he takes breaks
and one of the things that he says it's
so hard for him to cope with is at any
given point in time if he's doing
something that isn't streaming he feels
like he could be making money streaming
right so like sleeping is taking away
from potential earnings and eating is
taking away from potential earnings
hanging out with friends going to see
movie etc do you ever feel that that
sense like is it is it hard for you I
mean even in situations where you all
are positive and you have to decide
between do I take this day off do I go
do something do I go watch a movie or or
do I you know go on and stream work or
create a YouTube video or something it
is true and I definitely understand that
mentality I feel like I've just been
streaming for so long that I've started
kind of looking past that and I'm not
that extremely money driven to the point
where you know I'm just looking to
maximize my profits at all time I very
much value being able to balance between
work and personal because you know
through rough times I've learned how
important that can be so yeah I think
I've kind of let go of that expectation
and I realized that success comes and
goes money comes and goes at the end of
the day I'm very lucky and blessed it's
not
be desperately in need of anything so I
just do my best to balance and not be
lazy by any means yeah let's talk a
little bit you reference that you have
your audience's like oh she quit League
of Legends or whatever you you went for
the most part were streaming League of
Legends for a very very long time now
like looking at the content you put out
sometimes it's League but oftentimes
it's fortnight what maybe you can
explain a little bit about what's what's
going on there was this a do you like
fortnight more is it the opportunity
because obviously there's just more
stream viewers looking for fortnight
content I mean what's is this a pivot or
what's going on there it was like a
strategic pivot whatsoever I think as I
said before I have quite the addictive
personality so when I get into a game
like I just want to play that game and I
was very lucky that you know fortnight
kind of popped off so at the same time
that I was really feeling the game it
was also beneficial for my career to be
playing it so those two went in hidden
hand pretty well I still feel like I
love League I'm gonna keep playing
League whenever and you know that's
always gonna be a game that I enjoy
right now it's been very enjoyable to
just like learn something new and get
better at something new it's been a very
fun challenge for me so I think a change
of pace is good yeah yeah taking a bit
of a step back because I don't want to I
forget to ask you this there was a you
mentioned you know around the time that
you had a thousand viewers you were like
oh maybe I could I could go independent
and I could do this full-time now I mean
the stream that you you've just finished
up as before this interview you had
about 10,000 people watching you and I
think a couple hours before that it was
sitting around like 13,000 14,000
probably when Europe was awake or
whatever but what what does that have
been like for you because similarly I
think you hit a million subs not too
long ago now you're at like 1.4 no doubt
driven in part because of a fortnight
success what what is that whole like
explosion been like for you have there
been points timers been overwhelming I
mean how what's that path been like yeah
these can definitely get overwhelming
sometimes
and that's why I bring up how important
it is to ballad it's like work and
personal sometimes I straight up I just
like I disassociate disassociate pokey
from like me Iman and if like things are
overall min pokey I'm like that's okay
that's pokey like you mom's gonna go
read a book and like chillax and hang
out with some friends like I just really
tried to separate work from personal
because when those two things overlap
too much that's when it feels very
overwhelming yeah but as for like the
progression my stream
I'd say it's awesome because it was
never just like one single thing it's
like if I was like at 1k here once I
moved to Cali it like one up a bit and
then once we started doing more offline
TV stuff it went up a bit ASMR gave me a
bump I Ross Schuman gave me a bump for
it and I gives me another bump and the
way that I try to see it is just more
outlets or more ways for me to get
exposure and get and like more people
into my community that enjoy me from me
and will hopefully you know stick along
for the ride regardless of what I do
yeah you talked a little bit about
separating yourself into the personality
and the individual there's a lot of
people looking at like youtubers and and
others who bring all of their life with
them whenever they create content right
everything from this is my family this
is what's going on like here's sort of
an emotional struggle I'm dealing with
right now - this is my boyfriend
do you I feel like you let some of that
in into your content and into your
audience but some of it you also kind of
separate is that strategic is that you
just want to keep stuff separate I mean
like Liat your your twitch chat just
seems to spam all the time speculating
who you're dating if you're dating
somebody is it somebody who you live
with
is it somebody who you know I mean what
what's your mentality kind of take on
like separating those those aspects of
your life I think it's mostly just like
what I feel is valuable to share and
what I would enjoy sharing for example
like if I ever go through a hard time
and I want to tell my community about
that it hopes to help people that are in
a similar situation I'll do that because
I feel like that is valuable content in
a sense speculating who I'm dating with
to be it's just like not valuable
content whatsoever and I feel like
relationships are just so personal that
I would I wouldn't really feel
comfortable putting that kind of thing
out there for everybody to attempt to
give their input on when at the end of
the day you don't random person from
wherever's opinion doesn't matter for my
personal relationship so I probably only
do that like once I'm about to get
married or something a wedding video
incoming okay you'll announce an
engagement is that as once the
engagement occurs you only like by the
way I've been dating this random guy no
one knows about not from the scene
seriously videos no boyfriend sighs yeah
how do you deal with the trolls I mean
you you know I I hate creating content
around the day of like well you're a
woman and everything you know really I
can that can and for some people just
kind of create this hole and consume
their whole identity and distract from
what they're really trying to do but as
a female stripper I
I believe you probably get far more
trolls and shitty bullshit than a lot of
the guy streamers who are out there how
do you deal with that stuff does it ever
get to you I mean that's a whole other
side of this and especially if you're
trying to stay positive I don't know if
that's a challenge man not learning not
to take things personally it's just like
the biggest blessing and gift and tool
skill ever when you're a content creator
you just and I've been repeating my I've
been repeating this to myself for years
that's why it's easy for me to say it
but I know it's not easy right off the
bat when someone says something so rude
and it feels so personal but it really
isn't and there there have just been so
many instances that show me this for
example I've had um one person
donate under like 20 to 30 different
usernames just very weird personal jobs
and seeing that all of these annoying
messages that I've gotten really only
came from one person it's just like it's
so dumb and useless and you see that if
someone is willing to go out of their
way to do something like that chances
are they're not happy with their lives
and I've kind of developed this
mentality where I want to still take
constructive criticism especially from
people whose positions I would like to
be in or whose opinions I value for
whatever reason it is and if someone is
running around being a keyboard warrior
everyday and random people's dreams
that's not someone whose position I want
to be in so why should I take their
advice or why should I care what they
say really there's a different type of
user out there that I've become more
aware of recently on Twitch where you
like they'll draw a mega donation the
cat attack my headset employed just the
greatest question I've ever asked in my
life but no I there's a different type
of Twitter user out there it's a little
different than a troll that I've become
aware of recently that's the type of
person who will send like $500 or buy
everything on your wish list and say
like and then expect special treatment
right like why won't you add me on your
personal snapchat and like stamp me all
the time or why won't you hang out with
me I'm gonna be in Los Angeles how do
you cope with situations like that you
know I actually feel like every female
streamer has to go through something
like that every single one will have
those it's weird to call them
opportunities but a lot of girls know BM
will kind of take that as an opportunity
to get close to someone who's obviously
willing to support them a lot and ever
since I started streaming I've always
like had my mind up that like that's a
big no-no if you're donating like you're
a donator and I will never like get
close to someone specifically for that
reason because I understand obviously
the more attention you give them the
more they're gonna want to support you
but that just feels wrong to me and
strict they want people to donate you
know for the right reasons because they
enjoy the concept not because they want
to talk to any more so I think having
those strict guidelines just helps me be
more at ease and helps set the tone for
my stream as well well we're running low
on time so there's a couple more
questions you know you mentioned earlier
that you've added all these sort of
things to your your content portfolio
right it was leaked streaming than IRL
and ASMR and for tonight how do you how
do you decide which these have to focus
on is there a world where you you know
maybe you can't keep doing ASMR now
because for tonight is taking so much of
your life help how do you keep this
balance and do you have an idea in your
head like okay ten percent ASMR 60
percent fortnight you know like how do
you approach that that has been a
struggle of mine lately and I think I've
more or less decided to follow my heart
as cheesy as it is because I know that
people like to see me do things that I
enjoy doing and I know that my good
content comes from being passionate
about what I'm doing and when I watched
my old ASMR videos I saw that like I
really enjoyed what I was doing and I
don't feel like doing that as much now
so I don't want to come out with I got
bad ass my video where I'm not enjoying
it as much and I think that's totally
okay and it's kind of part of my job or
my life as a content creator to follow
these creative intuitions of mine yeah
so I really like the idea of a bad ASMR
video though I like I didn't want to
bring out because I don't know how many
people are familiar with mark but I
guess it was very strange
what what are your long term goals and
all this stuff you know like is it is it
to become a mega YouTube twitch brand is
it to impact like what what are you
really trying to go for with all this
honestly like there's no number or
anything that is my goal my goal isn't
even to be like number one
anything I just want to be happy with
what I'm making and what I'm doing and
yeah just to always be working on
projects that I thoroughly enjoy and as
long as I could make a living doing that
I'm more than happy and of course
long-term I want to be like financially
independent enough to be able to just
like own a company or a brand of some
sort and not have to make content myself
if that makes sense
yeah you sort of oversee a brand like
pokeyman becomes a magazine yeah well
I'm sure your your audience will be said
if that day ever comes but hopefully
they'll enjoy everything else that comes
out from that okay oh when you're 50
they're gonna stream and create YouTube
content up until when you're 50 and your
family channel the whole shit but long
term I don't know how long term but
that's the idea well that kind of
answers just a couple you know they're
my final questions which is just what
what will you do if you aren't a gaming
influencer do you plan on doing this for
a very long time it sounds like up until
50 maybe what what would you do I mean
you mentioned going back and being a
software engineer is that it is it is it
building this brand as you know what
what's out there for you I think I'm
pretty willing to pivot however it is in
terms of content creation because I know
there's so many things so many ways you
can make content whether it be lifestyle
or gaming or comedy or whatever it is I
would probably do whatever I can to sort
of make it online and if that doesn't
work out then yeah I'll just go back and
be a softer edge okay well you've
already got the professor poki look I
saw that video so you can get that going
is there anything that you would say to
all the people that watch your content
and you know they support you they watch
your stuff they want to know what's
going on with you anything you want to
say to anybody out there
I just thank you so much for supporting
me and I hope that you guys get
as much out of it as I do that's always
been my number one goal I always want
people especially I don't know how to
work this right but I feel like for a
long time the gaming community wasn't
like appreciated enough now Gaming is
cooler which is awesome but at the end
of day action want people to know that
like their hobbies their interests
however they are that's totally ok and I
don't want people to ever feel like they
have to change themselves for others
because you know I know that feel didn't
do it and you know it feels nice to to
say that it all works out thank you so
much pokey really happy to sit down with
you and share with you for everyone else
this is the first episode of stream chat
if there are other people that you would
like me to interview other streamers
feel free to suggest those in the
comments or bug the crap out of them
that you want them to come on the show I
host this show live on my twitch channel
which is twitch.tv slash Travis cafard
if you're watching live right now feel
free to follow if you're watching the
vaad feel free to hit that up up it
links in the description pokies
gesturing for all this stuff
thank you again pokey firk for coming on
and this has been episode one